Hahahaha
Are you trying to make us all laugh to death?
Then grab the faucet stick.
Even if I want to help you
Your sister is too arrogant
Li Xuan
What nonsense are you talking about? Apologize to Miss Li
apologize
I do not accept
I'm going to check it out today
How did Chen Beixuan make everyone beg for money?
Xiaoshun, I remind you to pay two more security guards.
Lest everyone rush to pay me later
Don't block the money
You're right actually.
Call a few more security guards
If you don't have the money later
Then hit your dog leg
Your next auction item is mine
Let's see if he's worth anything.
Stupid, this is my Jiang's floor
Even if your price is no longer high
Can also be crushed by me
See how you roll over
Okay, we're not done yet.
Next item is a sycamore bark.
Hahaha, look at this plane tree bark.
You just want 100 million?
Are you crazy about money?
Haha, Mr. Jiang is right.
Humiliate us with a piece of bark
I want to pay for my mental damage
Fuck you
This is a Kunlun fetish
This is the legendary tomb of Nuofeng Wutong